and there is an extra with me because today
again very active so without offense
micro I could not move
with and without tv and today in the
what can series do
what can green tea what is healthy what came
green tea how could one take
Also, critics like to call you equity
Extract green same green tea extract it
mostly what you then as a supplement
get a look at what's green
of course a plant camellia sinensis
is called the revenge the whole is called the
plant naturally great animal becomes very
very much as an offender she must contain
so-called polyphenols the polyphenols
are in a nutshell secondary
plant substances and the most active and the
most robust and the one around us
actually goes with the whole
history
what's the green tea at this jack of all trades
actually is and we come to that now
right next sorry it's about that
egt i will spare you this now
to pronounce whole
just google it after wikipedia
after that and then you will get it that
complicated to say it is there
about 500 varieties of which I now
for example, supposedly there are 1500
There were supposedly more
several thousand species are certain
and various ingredients
to be standardized means the whole
then rate that extra bred that way
for example, a high percentage
ece third that a high percentage
of caffeine in it is that high
percentage on other dates is in it
or just matcha tea
It's about these varieties
incredibly diverse and that are
usually so standardized or something
designed that just different things
different ingredients of the height
contained in percent
we are here today or respectively
Generally with this reason just times
By the way, this ego always in one
complete thing
in complete crew training too but to
should be led that is you
must look as if it for example to
you have to drink tea somehow
Find out how many eggs or green tea
otherwise we will receive
probably a problem with the
effectiveness of the whole story though
we're talking about eg cg what
can
green tea I'm on shift a star
Results a star results though
in category so in studies
categories the category a to d are there
yes Bremen for example, there is the de
ie b and c I will personally am
still some there is a bit
spongy but that's for it
Study results from a to b and c 1
Star results in his field
in terms of fat burning it is two
Different things burn fat there
Fat breaks down 24 hours a day
we come to the intake is still
actually the breakdown of body fat we
have an improvement of the ldl and hdl
cholesterol values ​​we have one
Improvement of insulin sensitivity
we have a connection with the
blood vessels opens up a bit
and thereby become healthier
the blood vessels are called exactly that
took
the attention becomes funny
increased and we have a bit
we also have the antihypertensive
a hard trade reduction than that
Depot is a bit down
that was a bit too spongy
I have not written off anymore
that means we have very many very
that's why many of them work
hints or the expression of me that
it kind of a jack of all trades is the
means we have very many areas
where the devices are actually effective
can and will we simplify
whole story now with the dosage
when taking a bit if you can
in the direction of fat loss would like to go
one should here up to 500 mg pcb
Therefore, the note before us
have to look that we on epc
come
4 500 milligrams
daily but very important no caffeine
otherwise this fat really breaks down
fatmas reduction fatmas editorial comes
only if you have no one else
sky no profi consumer is the
regular caffeine consumption therefore
when you actually found the company for
setup with no caffeine and would like
For many, caffeine is one thing
about a diet actually brings where you
no hunger where to go through the
twitter is and so on that is there
I might actually win
is there we actually have to be careful
because it is always crowned
Superfilm fat break down the people
another ten coffees a day brings us
unfortunately nothing at all
really only works the calories
deficit for us and the greens here
actually does not do anything
maybe our goethe will help over the day
because he also has a bit of caffeine
where the variants the egt to
example, standardize that one
usually only one or a half
percent caffeine in there so it is
totally bred from the plants like
said 500 varieties can be in the end
Do whatever you want with the plant
and now we are at health
the health means 200 mg
at least daily, over three times
that means it will be distributed now
difficult in food and sports nutrition
most are on as much as possible
many trains per capsule designed with it
We very much reinkriegen many capsule
to make capsule mitosis
can and therefore the product
that can offer a bit cheaper
If I say that three times
distribute daily with these
then whole health effects
also be effective
then I can not say either
equal to the mission of milligrams or
but I have to be supplied with the product at night
example only 70 or 80 or maybe
Contains 100 mg pcb per capsule
for most, it's in the end
already more as I said from four to
five hundred cheaper otherwise no
profi linas very important and the
health more or less says
that can be at least 200 billion
Naturally
combined that was the biggest as should
the next time there again